Meeting Title: Rack Friday campaign strategy, product assets, and search optimization
Date: Sep 24
Meeting participants: RRG Brenton Cooley

Transcript:
Me: Yeah. I guess that big cut, please. And they're breaking it down, I guess, by the big runs and every category, you know, you might end up with I don't know how far we go. It's probably, 20 categories of Ryan or platforms. Yakima, bike rack, all over my beach. Yeah. Yeah. We need to So from an asset side, the plan is to sort of break down to about 20 Yeah. Different ad assets. That would be, like, all your your static image ad assets for, you know, like, 20% off Yakima platforms. Can we get a full on that screen? Can you just cast to it? Who's who's better? Can you drive focus? I can show you a way that we can't I know that. Because can use the yeah. We can nest. And we can find the bees to keep. Running. Business. Sales. That sales one. I guess. On the right. Not not insights? I can't remember. This looks new to sales. I was yeah. Tom sales. Yeah. Then if you click on product category, on the left, And then in the top right, there there's plus minus. Go left a few there. And then click Just give it a second to load. And what we'll do is we'll drag the brand Fuck this. Scroll down that left menu there where it's got product listed there. Just scroll down there by brand. Drive brand. See where it says the level. Drive here. So just Oh, yeah. Says code. Just drop that there. So if you could, like, combine all that, for example, this will now from a revenue point to tell you where the Oh, yeah. Revenue is. Then you can go into you know, we can click through the big four, I guess. And work out. Obviously, we'll combine all Well, so this is the other thing. Tim mentioned his specifically wants some cruise stuff. Yeah. So one of the messenger angles that he wants is, like, to do a you know, you sell platforms from $4.99 or whatever it is. Because no one can beat us on that. And that that brings us back around to starting that conversation. Yeah. Yeah. If we can get them in the doors at a store because we say, we've got platforms from $500, then the stores can upsell. Well, hey. You spend a couple $100 more, Yeah. You can actually move into this brand or this brand or does that mean that we tend to people, like, search and proper top for the long? Bit like just roof rack. We introduce intro them at the cruise level of price. Is the search Rhino roof rack? Yeah. Correct. Yeah. And I think that I'll have to have a chat with in detail as to because he's gonna have to do a couple of different campaigns as part of this. But yes. In theory, cruise should be more of a general entry level messaging. And targeting. Yeah. So that's anybody who's just looking for generic roof platform, roof rack, search terms. And then can have brand specific stuff. So Yeah. Especially Rhino. Yeah. But there any brands outside the top four that we should be pushing? Guess start. Kind of there, then we'll just look at the top four. Roller's got all those extra accessories they need to still Is that a shoe? Yeah. Is that my floor? That's Or how's that? Or is that we still got a lot of that stock call. Oh, sorry. Okay. Rollers currently on a massive clearance across every skew of theirs is those are being sold across currently. Right. Until I've got more confirmed from Tim. Yeah. Not sure if follow-up will be Continuing. Yeah. Still in stock for the couple or not? Yeah. Yeah. Do we mix this? Because, obviously, we have, like, the other stuff and the cleaner stuff. We've got the sale, which should be, like, new. I I mean, how do we are we going to cross these over slightly here or not? Or I think we could do so I know in the end of financial year sale, we had two separations. But the problem was the messaging was, like Yeah. Real it felt really off. Because we're trying to push both clearance and end of financial year sale items in the same message, and it got really confusing. The adventure sale we kinda switched that up. And said, right. Well, this time around, we'd just focus on the messaging being the adventure sale. And we essentially rebrand the clearance items as adventure sale items. Like, sale items Yeah. For that period of time. I think there's probably a healthy middle ground between the two. Where we still keep them as clearance items but with heavily reduced but not eliminated messaging. Do you not say that because it drives so much footfall from, like, the main sale, and that's just gonna naturally they'll find Well, that's kinda what I'm thinking, but maybe like, for example, if I'm thinking about the, catalog, The catalog should be focused on Rack Friday, Cyber Monday. And then maybe the last two pages can just be plus we've got clearance. Yeah. I think Yeah. And that's at the end So it's not part of the call messaging at the sale, but it's tapped in there. And you could probably do similar with like, the own media side or, like, organic and paid? Sorry. You could still put at the bottom of all the messaging, you know, like, plus over 500 products on or something like that. I don't know how many products are in there, but Yeah. Yeah. There'd be a fair chunk. Right? So so you just put, like, plus yeah. A thousand plus 500 x yeah, clearance products. Yeah. I wouldn't sort of, like, tie it into the main messaging. That's all. Yeah. Yeah. Think we have to give like, the budget meals now at least some coverage in this? Like, issue is with when Charlotte was talking to Jackie at this this morning. Is one where we're losing a fuckload of cycles because we don't have their fits and stuff. We don't have any of that parts Yeah. That sounds like a fucking word for us to go past and everything to promote. But what assholes Yeah. Crew set of bars, Yeah. Think there's a point here. I wanted Tim's, like, efficiencies in between. Just not got that yet. He said, we need to create these small events like a self help poll. They can come and mark the stuff. They can come up with products if they want to actually grow more. It doesn't work. It's not half the time. Do know what mean? But we have to get our master Well, see, this was that that actually ties into one of my first thought process when I was started. It was like, why are the brands not doing that? Why are they not supplying us a CSV or Yeah. A spreadsheet. That is already done up the way we need it done because to put them we don't, like, we don't follow through. Again, you line form. That's right, JP. Most Supplies. Yeah. But that's what people have had. It's not very well governed in. Some do it, but not very often. Yeah. We have there should be one racket for Task we want to create. An export that we can pass through a Google Sheet to any supplier If you fill it in in that format with them columns and then dropdowns, that will come in straight away. Like, you know, match it right away. Just haven't We could definitely have, like, a I think Yeah. Like, a brain like, a brain portal that I think the poll's away because if you do make a change to your scheme or other other fields, like that, they're in and it's all always up to date. Yeah. The the hard part about the whole well, the issue that I was having when I was It's the little the small brands that just fucking do it. Yeah. Yeah. And They're like, oh, we gave you the price box that you've only got mentioned. I think they've got something And they just give And I and I think what we do basically a subscriber of Rakuten. So Rakuten's there. Rakuten. That's where all the data is. They get a login, and we could send an email every month. To all of all of these people saying, hey. Any new products? We've got these number of products in our system. You know, you just need a bit of a snapshot, and that might just reminding them to go. I don't think people want a feeling sweaty. Do you want my Do wanna sell some A retailer or supplier going and do the work. But it's technological if we create a dead end market. I'll make it not that. Let's not worry about it for now. I'll also Same. Touch it. Just just circling back to the sale then. Yeah. So sale items we'll we'll use focus. We'll focus on the the top four plus groups. Yeah. I call cruise in the top four. That's Oh, right. Okay. It it wasn't on that. So that's why was Yeah. Who's the top four? In that list? Oh, hang on. Is it? No. It's let me sort by. It it might not be true if the car does it, really. No. RG, because that's fitting. Dashes, Wedgetail is even above cruise, to be fair. So We should do so much more cruise. Yeah. I want because it's our own brand. And and the revenue opportunity there is so much greater. Yeah. What I have noticed even just talking to, like, Brayden, and Matt, a lot of the stores don't know enough about them. Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of this like, I think part of pushing crews goes further than just pay more ads and Yeah. Focus on It's gotta be run owned media. There's also gotta be in store discussions like team training or, like Yeah. I think there's Braden was even saying that some of the team members at one of his stores they just upsell to something else because they just don't know about enough about cruise. Push this because the UK Probably does a lot of 4,000,000 like, $8,000,000. Yeah. Cruise. We we can't not do cruise properly. Yeah. So that will kind of accelerate. But probably need to do a brand. Right now, we've got AI in that we can make things a lot quicker. Do we do we currently run any brand campaigns for Cruise? Does do we have a cruise based Australian website? They have a cruise website. They they do. Yeah. We can tell them what we want on that, but it's really badass. But we're not too. There's no one's touched in three or four years. I mean, yeah, maybe we make point on cruise. Because it's a very yeah. It's an important thing to discuss Stop whether it's biodegrade. You you know exactly what to do here. We do need do some branding around it and just give it you know, we we're only gonna sell it if we actually give it some credibility. Do they have an Asurion one, or is it just the standard think they log in to cruise boat. Book Cruise Bay. Cruise and then it probably loads to Australia. Region. Is it It should go for Yeah. So it's a it's a it's a global site with just region selector. Is probably is above, and probably people do find it. But I don't think people are gonna search If we don't tell people about cruise, no one's gonna search cruise. So but then again, surprisingly, Cruise had does run paid ads here in Australia. Oh, okay. You can see here sponsored oh, I'm not Sorry. I am thinking everyone's seeing what I'm seeing. So they've got so sponsored results, they are there alongside us. Well, if if you click on I mean, that's not That's just gonna take it to the Yeah. I think, yeah, that probably will not worldwide, they? Yeah. It looks like it is because it's only .com, and then they'll expect to use it. If you have a look Yeah. It's the actual address it goes to. Mean, that's Yeah. It's just English, not au on the end of that. So It's not great by them, but they're they'll be the same ball as those sides. They'll do the footballs best conversation. I think we can do it when the time gives us we have time. So if we build this out with AI now, we could make it look fucking amazing. We three d stuff. Why is We should do it. I yeah. I swear I was just saying Scott Fowler, there's there's thousands of things that are quite important here, and there's a well, there's, like, a super important priority list. And we've got to keep the stuff that we know we should be doing like this. Sits just below some prior stuff for, like, five, six months. And then next year, this is what we just you know, time next year, can we have a crew site up and running comfortably? After the big push next year? Just we can't just get everything committed this year. There's there's so much going on, but Yeah. Want to start the task, though. Well, we need to get Yeah. The brand pages sorted. Yeah. On our website. Absolutely. And then as soon as that is up and running, we can start running brain campaigns. Yeah. Around it that land straight there. Yeah. Yeah. It's again because we haven't had them amazing. Good looking. Brand pages. We don't have there's not an expectation to do that this launch, like, global site. Yeah. And we all know, you know, you'll be sat there. Worse than I probably have. I'd like to think two years from now, though, we've broken the back of pretty much all of this. You know? Malt. So because we've got you on ball rents, and then we've actually got some money that can get through this. We just need to get this first link of, like, the new design of haven't we on what we're already focused on. Yeah. So just just on the we need to finish the wrap Friday stuff. Are we is there any sense here in a combined brand kind of like social? So you would put a picture of all the brands on on an asset. But the from four nine nine. So everyone you'd have to create one for each brand. For roof rack. It's like a combined Yeah. Same same assets and the same with bike racks. If we go, okay. So you have to do buy back to buy back to cruise. It's like, Ryan, you know, Ryan, the old, actually. You can actually just position. Their top selling bike racks within the asset and whichever one's the cheapest. Has the cheapest bike rack buy rack from $200. Yeah. So I would probably do it slightly differently. Like, especially with your paid ads. So I'd have a carousel ad, for example. Yeah. Where the very first one is literally platforms from $4.99. Yeah. And then you've got Cruise, Rhino Yeah. Yakima. That type of thing. Then the next one over is literally individual product Yeah. Images, if that makes sense. So you might have a Rhino Rax one. You might have You might have yakima. Yeah. But those don't have specific pricing. Oh, actually, they will because they're product. Yeah. But I mean, if we if we just start with the customers then, I I think we I don't mean why limit ourselves. We go to the categories? Again? We're kind of not a book. Platform to If you just kinda, like, delete that brand level there, just click and cross. And categories. Yeah. That old roof racks. Roof bars, lights go down. Keep it down. Plus, getting kids. Roof boxes, So roof boxes should be in there. Right? Yeah. So what carriers is your second horse? Oh, yeah. When you join them together, Yeah. Because you have to yeah. If you combine You've got 4,000,000 Yeah. That's that far exceeds it. Yeah. The fire rocks. Roof boxes? All Just when we had this list And that general On the same tier. What was that? I'm sorry. General accessories and we've got 10 to go on about about eight fifty. Yeah. I mean, the general accessories Well, I mean, from a because that thing is, like brackets and It's basketball's kind of brick and so much in there. Could be a name more specific. Would that be Jeremy come hold for Accessories is messed. Just just sticking to purely product accessories. Let's stick to the big ones. Buy box. Boxes, awnings, and roof. And rooftop tents. There's no other ones in there. And that that's where I would stick. That feels like the right Yeah. Light bars. Yeah. We're getting up there. Mean, like, it feels like rock You've got yeah. Well, you got what, 300 So that's what you're close to 900 combined. Yeah. Just between light bars and lighting. Yeah. Do you do you know through all the like, the what you call it, hobbyist? Caveas. Into one. As well. But are they big enough that we should pushing them as well? So, normally, So, normally, in the prior sales, we only push the category if it needs it. So, like, we've we've pushed car carriers in the past because we just bought, like, 400 r o racket and bought carriers. So we pushed those last, like, for only Yeah. The top products are the main driver. That's what you're trying to do. You're trying to do enough accessories that that accessory has to have a roof rack to make it work. The car, which means it sell more. Roof racks. So if we start to let's stick to it, and let's just go let's say bite box is the biggest then. So roof racks are a given. We we know we need small roof racks. We don't break that down. That's literally cost. And, of course, we don't say know, bars or store. What we would do is then say, do we have a leading, like, bite rack? From But it's like sort of a certain bike rack that price? Or is that a bit misleading as well Yeah. It's Do you think shit. Yeah. Do you think we take, like, the either from or roof, whichever the cheapest from one of the main brands is actually in there. Like, your cruise rates would be cheapest route out of carrier. So you'll do that price You would say buy it from No. Oh, you're not We we need to do brand bike rack. So you you would say cruise by bike racks from $99. Do we is that, like, a a tier of your loyalty? Like, a general? Because most people search for buybacks. Right? They don't know that you need the this point. So do we do we start with a a general buy back from which is the the old brands we create, and that's it, which gets them into the site? They don't start from remarketing. We'll see if we're looking at cruise race, and things like that. They then get the because there's searches Look. The prob the problem with that is if you no. No. No one. But my point here would be if they're searching bike racks, that's a perfect opportunity to be showing them what Cruise is. Yeah. Yeah. Like, rather than just going, all bike racks from $99 and, like you say, what Scott said, if they've been laying on the page and there's one at $99 and then then the next cheapest is 300. Like, it kind of could land a bit wrong. Yeah. Whereas if they were to see cruise bike racks from $99, So does that are we saying we enter them on on a particular run for bike racks? Or for Oh, it'd be. I'd be starting the conversation with Cruz. Yeah. Okay. And then I can all things. Would you pick up a certain brand and start the conversation on all Therefore, you can is that how we're doing this? Is we gotta start? Yeah. I I guess the thought process behind all of it, all the messaging is to like, really address what Tim wanted with starting the conversation. So just need to find the best message for that Yeah. In each category. Yeah. So if we've got crews of any category, I think cruise is of them in the cruise land. An introduction. I think so. Because then if we build the brand of cruise and we own the margin, then we're gonna Yeah. Because even if you sell 20% less, we still come out on top. Yeah. Because you're making a hell of a lot more margin. But not saying that that's where we wanna be. I'm just saying The other point is if it's a lower priced item, yeah, you might 40% margin instead of 30 book five to one is less. Charming. Selling a cheap item is not a good way to make a lot of money. Is it? So if you say a thousand people are buy a bike rack, Yeah. In all the math anyway. It's like so I think I think the the idea maybe is that we push more around getting people in store Yeah. Than buying online potentially. Yeah. The good thing online is it just can't make it stop. Feel It does. Yeah. But, yeah, I I bought whatever makes the most money is the logical book. Why why don't we start that way then? Let's start with the cruise. Asset where of starting conversation obviously gonna buy something different if they're coming on the cruise asset anyway. They are not like that too, but, like, carry on. I'll pay a bit more. That's fine. At least they've not gone shit. I carry, like, $600. Fuck that. I'm gonna stick this in the back of my car. You've actually gone. There is a way to carry your bike for this price. Yeah. Yeah. You've got the conversation. And they're going to entertain it now. And at least get that click. Whereas you start with a high price, you're not gonna get it. Yeah. So Yeah. Okay. I'm happy with that. I'm gonna just wanna jump in here. Yeah. Yeah. It would be completely different. So we don't import curds Yeah. In New Zealand. Someone else does. Yeah. So you're stopping the way. So we would essentially be going back the other way. But what But I'm just thinking, do we start conversation. Yeah. I think it's it it'll need different a different branch to start the conversation. Yeah. Yeah. So you'd have to pick the bike rack, which is the brand that would start the conversation. Good edge. I think price has to drive it, nearly. Well, it's Whichever brand is it? That Well, it do that process. Stuff. Yeah. Would we still even through that? It's still the cheapest. Entry point. For us, yeah, probably. Yeah. So so it maybe would be today. Like, what what not be different? So we still sell cruise there. We just don't import direct. Not the importer. Yeah. Are they still our cheapest Technically, no. But yes. Like, you got those shitty fucking fork chops that No. I meant brand overall. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we could still So you could, yeah, you could still definitely do it. Yeah. I don't think there's a problem with pushing crews over there too because long term, could we if when we take over the market over there, Yeah. We wanna be front and center when the opportunity to become the importer for for New Zealand I think the presentation of this cruise asset, if that looks good, will actually help sell it. And two, when they land on the product, we just got to make them really nice, John. That's We have the plan on why that now. Okay. Okay. So what does that where does that leave us from a from a, let's say, the Rouge Rack side of things? Again, is that cruise in by the platform? And is it cruise for crossbars? Do we split? Platform and Are they are they different enough or are they not? So I guess from that I would split them. For sure because they're different audiences. Yeah. Yeah. And they're dressed, like, especially from a targeting perspective, again, paid ads. But Cross bars for calories to pay out. Yeah. You really need to have I would have two completely different campaigns running Yeah. I would have one for Crossbars, one platforms because Yeah. What works well for guys that have platforms the algorithm is going to work It's not gonna work, sorry, for for guys who Prosper. So what will happen is it will naturally learn who's engaging more then just target that one. I think so. And you'd lose the sales on the other. So you're better off having two split campaigns. One that focuses on the platform side and one that's on the crossbars and then never done that, you see, because ours is in platforms, which is the off road angle. Yeah. It looks very off biker, that kayaker, that Yeah. You know, roof box, someone calling. Think that plays Which will be good, actually. It's a good start to break that messaging. So And I think it yeah. It's probably a good start without going too deep. Yeah. Even with it using an EV, in the crossbar one could be quite good. Because that's really taken off, like, virtually. You know? Probably used to be YD. Or test my point of BYD is probably the best selling one with decent roof run. It. So maybe a crossbar is actually a BYD with because you'd have, like, stuff like this. Right? Yeah. Rather than big full drives and yeah, on one night, you could have little wagons and stuff that Are these is there a reason why that interest charging for that solar carrier? It was one that I grabbed off our website. That's all the carriers. Just about six what, no Yeah. Yeah. That's a frame Yes. Your your frame hang what tool I have just came to build this. I I'm not having old. Yep. Yeah. I guess there's a message, like, that that that kind of the messages that you can carry your bike kind of is irrelevant. I mean, it's sort of People are just thinking, oh, I can carry my bike. Yeah. I think at this point. Anyone who's got a a good quality bike and they say that's all the carriage they're aware is going to fuck their bike, This is no final. This was a draft. This is actually a draft I did to show Beck what what we wanted. Yeah. Yeah. Because there's, yeah, there's definitely gonna be two different angles here that we need to take, and one is gonna be your your full drive. Side, which is great for your platforms and your recovery gear and your camping stuff. But then you've got I feel like the crossbar one should have, like, a roof box and a roofline by right next to it. It's like mine. I don't I don't definitely for The UK, I don't know whether that would be the same here, but that passes the roof box, the bike rack, and the Yeah. I wanna I I would not I would avoid merging products into the single assets. Yeah. Yeah. You want yeah. It should be very like, if I look at a if this showed up in my feed, I should be able to immediately go, oh, that's bike racks. Yeah. I don't it's a ignore that specific product, but that tells me that they're selling bike rides. Yeah. If the next one I come across should be just the roof box. Yeah. Yeah. Because if that had a roof box, the the the bike rack, on the back, I'm not gonna know immediately in my mind. What are they selling. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's because, yeah, when The UK mentality is the roof rack is people It's the necessary evil. Don't give a fuck about roof racks. They're going, I want a roof. Bike rack. Again, it could be different. It wouldn't mix them up, but Buy. Anyway, let's move on. So what how do we if we just concentrate on a big ticket item sorry, accessories. They're fairly clear, I guess. Five packs. Boxes. Awnings. Rooftop tents. Rooftop tents. And we're just getting, like are we are we doing lighting And then, obviously, the two big ones being crossbars and So issue with life is we're not doing any We wouldn't do any discounting on it. Yeah. We don't have as the margin in steady, do we? No. It's a good it's a good intro, though. People that want the steady like gets the roof on sale. Because they want that big. You know? You like Actually, I fell in love with that the backbone thing you said. The nonintrusive backbone In there, they've got a picture of lighting. A picture of the Hilux with the steady the little steady lights, the four and a half inch. Evos or whatever they are. And they've got, like, 10 of the bastards across this front of is this, though? Hey. Did you say? The tongue. Eight or 10 of those fucking CDs. Yeah. I I yeah. I'll show you. I used I actually twenty thousand miles through just before I'm sure. Yeah. They saw it. They this one. Yeah. I was like, that is so hot. I want that on mine. But I was like, they are so expensive. Like, $400 a pop. It's a lot. I was gonna say, what page is this? Yeah. This is the draft for the noninvasive backbone. Why doesn't the I don't know. Because our website's shit. Well, it's not gonna tell you. Company is. Yeah. Know, I'll send it up to you, Beneath. It's not It's not even zoomed in. So it should be sit yeah. It should be sitting like that. And then What does does mine do that? Don't know. Let me check on my other browser. Do that. Yeah. I did not notice. I swear it didn't before. I'm sorry. Didn't either. So I was looking at that going, why the fuck? Fuck? Yeah. I know. It's taken up a nearly a quarter of the page. Anyway and that's with it zoomed in. Zoomed out. At full height. That's, like, a third of the pages just head up. You just looked at that online. But Yeah. This is the the draft. This won't go live to answer your message this morning, this won't go live until the the fifth anyway. I mean, it's technically live now, but it's not linked anywhere. It's not indexed. Yeah. But on that, Rhino's noninvasive backbone page is live. On their website. And it's indexed. Right. Well, as of last night, it was I I was working on it, like, 08:00 last night and stumbled like, because if you go Rhino, because, yeah, they they grab much as much as when you look at the product. Yeah. Through the This one. Alright. So Google search rhino racks. It's the first result. Straight on their website. But it's got What? Placeholder image. So not the right image. That is then if you come down to the videos and you click on the videos, look at this. It's for the bed Alright. So the bed may have put a poll over this in the drafting. Yep. Right. Because, yeah, like, I they were a gentleman, say, taken off. Which I mean And then I I That's fine. It's done. But can you send me through the JC currents for the Fiat software fitments again? I'm ready. And the like, right, these are currents. Well, no. This has been up for I would say, at least forty eight hours. Because for Google to index it already, don't get me wrong. The search query is extremely Focused. Yeah. Focused. But for for it to rank already, and be indexed, that's like, that image isn't correct. That's true. And if you actually have a look at the PDF, he's they sent us, they've got a picture of that page. Which is what prompted me to actually Google for it. And see if I could find it. Because I was like, ah, I wonder if they got some images we can pull off that. Right. Do we just butt to the sale? We you need any help with the headline product? For cruise buyback for whatever the That would be nice if I could. If I could get a list of maybe just the top three products we wanna focus on under each of those categories. Spread, like, a spreadsheet? With brand and the category. And then maybe, Scott, you could fill in the three columns, which is product one, product two, product three. Yeah. Would that make sense? Yeah. Because I can I'll do it not based purely on Probably what will be the cheapest? Is that what we're going for? For for where cruise is relevant? Yeah. I would have a cruise focused product one. As a price? And then what's And then gonna be the the one that sells the most. Volume. Yeah. And then Yeah. Three just Oh, cool. Yeah, just make it obvious what it it's called me next week. Just another tab. Yeah. I'm just thinking, what happens for Do you want it Do you want it after Scott's already fed it through with products? Or No. I think it it won't have, like, Just go on Baymax as quickly. Does. The type of buyback. We we need a set of in one of them. It's roof mounted and all different. Are we treating them as different bikes. Just one. Oh, just go roof and rear. I'll put it down. Roof table each Yeah. Well, they're different. I just wanna be cautious that we don't end up picking too many categories that we've got so many different assets that I'm just gonna get swamped for two weeks doing assets. I think by the platform cross bars. Think we should split that. So too. We don't need to worry about Awnings, I wouldn't split. No. No. Do you answer with the pullout? Like, the is that same? Bad expectation? Well, so here's here's the thing. Right? So maybe for warnings, we like, we might do assets that are around each of the different types. Like, you could have but but, I mean, they'd all run-in the same campaign. Yeah. It's just we would advertise out. We would advertise with one eighty is the free stand you know? Whatever. That's fine. We'll just have like, the that asset with the the black rack. We would just have different ones of those for Yeah. Yeah. Each type and just Yeah. Okay. Because there's two different types of assets too. It's not just that. Bright background one. There's also a I'm just thinking for the spreadsheet exercise. Do we go I know where idea. Whereas, you know, if it's a one eighty on him, one of first three just from the spreadsheet exercise to give us the intel, it mean we run that with all the campaigns? But at least, you know, I'm gonna do a freestanding only one now. What? Which of the three freestanding Yeah. I mean, Scott can give you that. It's well, maybe it doesn't need to be that deep. I'm just yeah. I'll probably I'll I'll see you on that. Yeah. Yeah. I think we'll I'd rather build out as many assets as possible, but the problem is is I just wanna have core ones that we need. Yeah. And then if I can find the time to expand it out, I will. Yeah. Maybe it's the right core. Up at the top. The call. Yeah. And then okay. I think that's good enough for the is there anything else on the rack fry that what what's the kinda like the is there a let's say it's rack Friday. What's the is there a strap line to that? And the best price is No. Right there? No. Nothing. Struct lines are one of these things where Walk with me? Yeah. I think I think we just kinda stick with the a similar messaging through a couple of sales and see how we go. Yeah. The won't be beat seems to have landed well internally. How that landing with our customers, we don't know. Yeah. Yeah. But I think we just kinda sit with that. Because if you go changing strap lines constantly like, no one cares about strap lines, to be fair. Like, if if I'm a customer, I I don't necessarily care. Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. The only one strap lines that have ever really sat or that I could remember is, like, Bunnings' Bunnings one where it's like, you know, we'll beat it by 10%. Yeah. Yeah. A couple other ones come to mind, but Yeah. We want the big cutback from the old, isn't it? Yeah. Like I said, about Friday. Okay. You're happy to move that along, and then we'll just see what comes out. From back. When when's the next day? Tomorrow. Cool. Alright. What else is on the whole list? That was it for me. Okay. Except sorry. Were we gonna do any accessory? Products? The, like, the forget the big kinda, like, ticky. New Zealand about how to reach out to the branch, see if they want to to giveaways. Okay. We need to match them as well. Yeah. So, yeah, we need to have conversation with the brands to see what they're gonna offer us. And what they're doing. Would you you would probably start a conversation with them. And pass that in vogues? Don't know what because you know a product's better than Well, wouldn't wouldn't that technically be Generally, that's can. Ken? Is he That's probably better. Yeah. I Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'll make a note I'll make a note to reach out to Ken and just get him to chase up all the supplies. Yeah. To send out a email asking, are they doing anything for for Black Friday? Yeah. Or what sales are they running through November? What they can do to help us, support us, so that there's no I guess, competition between each other, but also we don't end up with no sales. Yep. It'll climb up there. Cool. Yep. Alright. And then, actually, you bring up a very good point. So giveaways. I want to I know I brought this up the other day We've never really pushed for the newsletter subscribers. Right? Because we've never really Alright. Yeah. Yeah. People don't really sign up for no particular reason. You gotta give them a reason. My thought here is a take a little bit of, like, LMCT plus business model. A bit. But without payment side. So we could create a roof rack store member's club which is newsletter subscribers. And in there, we partner with our suppliers once a month to do a giveaway with their products. So they supply the product, cost us nothing. We build a subscriber list. We can we'll share that month's new subscribers with that brand. Yeah. So that they've also got that that as part of their giveaway. And we can run a campaign alongside that once a month, which is just a small version of what we would do for a sale. But Yeah. We can run a campaign of this month, we're giving away a nonintrusive backbone set from Rhino Racks. You know, to fit a highlight, just to get the input. That's gonna boost our subscriber rate which obviously we can target with sales. But we should also target with non salesy stuff as well. You know, fitting guides and whatever. But I think if we give people a reason to sign up, Yeah. We'll get a lot more of this on on that side. Yeah. Do we obviously, if it's a high level, it's a non invasive platform. There's only a Correct. Yeah. It's probably a poor poor choice, mate. You'll be like, I think it would be that poor choice. Like, because it's fucking hard. Like, it's gonna sign up for that. No. Yeah. No. And this is what I'm saying. So this would be it was come down to the relationship with the supplier. Yeah. Because I think you'd you'd kinda say you'd you'd have to go to them and say, right. This is our plan. Once month, we wanna give away a minimum thousand dollar prize or, like, giveaway. From each brand. Yeah. So yeah, November is Rhino racks, for example. Yeah. What who you go to them and you say, who wants the bigger months? Yeah. That's it. And to get that Yeah. Look. To be fair, Yakima's offering a full platform spine system. Can you beat that? Like Yeah. Why not twelve months? Four runs? They both get three. They all get three. Rhino gets a root box or a pulse month. To get a rap month And whatever. Yeah. Well, I mean, you you and they choose it, and if you compete for it. Yeah. You'd I don't know if he'd wanna to do one brand three times a year. I don't know if the brands would even be on board for that. My suggestion would be to start it at one. Yeah. One a year. And then Do it at park? Yeah. We could do a cruise month ourselves. For example. That might be one month that we do you know, from our own pocket. But all the other ones, we just get out of the other brands Yeah. I guess the situation we've gotta look at is what happens if we end up with a month where a brain doesn't wanna help? Like, there's no brain available for that month. Yeah. And then we have to go and tie it up. Like, the Yeah. It it's probably a conversation for someone who has good relationship with all the suppliers, and it's probably Ken again. Yeah. Do like it. Maybe it's a bundle. Maybe maybe you actually want to sign up. They can choose, like, your fraud bundle. I can do crossbar. I mean Yeah. Yep. The the crossbar people get by roof made by box, whatever. A full p six with all the accessories. And and the flip side to that too could be you get an entry for being a club member. Yeah. It accumulates every month. So the longer you stay subscribed, Yeah. The the better your chances are. And then if you make a purchase, we match your entries you know, one dot one entry for every $100 you spend with us. Yeah. This one's probably a bit out of the ballpark. But instead of offering, like, stuff, we do Kigara cleanup every year. Mhmm. Could you run a camp with us to do cleanup? Maybe it's in full spirit. It certainly could. I would do you could do that as Yeah. It's better than product because even like Turbo, can see if you've bookies, like, off roading or something. Yeah. They did. That's what I mean. We're going race cars. Maybe that's it. We get the brands to come with an experience. Right? The experience is their products may have something. I know. But and then win a trip or a holiday. A mixture there. Yeah. Yeah. You could do product giveaways. You could do exclusive events. You could do Yeah. Like, there's probably a few bit there. And then, like, hell, one you know, if we do fly in a month where we've got nothing going on, we can go so many visitors. Exclusive member discounts. You could do think this will work because we're such a busy site. You'll get a big number. Signing up. So we we should definitely do this. I like it. Good. Yeah. A good idea. Or do you imagine doing a a $2,000 gift card giveaway? Like, for Yeah. Roof racks galore, obviously. Yeah. You know, that might come out of pocket. It'd be, like, $1,200 or whatever. But like, Yeah. I think I think the the exposure you could get with that could even say a referral program could be two you could earn a few bring people in to buy roof racks. You know? Yeah. So it's not not auctioned that way because they come in Well, you get actually, well, the selling all the message around that is even your friends and family can use your discount or, like, you know, stuff. Yeah. Try and Yeah. Yeah. But, yeah, on the pretty good stuff. New Zealand, if I can get I can get enough, probably. The catalog. Okay. So changes the average cost And fuzz credit us, and we don't free. I don't know if we wanna we'll do free items as part of the the sales side, but Yeah. But if they if we have to match a supplier, like, Front Run are doing right, we'll pay pack with every platform. So Yeah. That's true. Just need to make sure Awesome. Alright. Cool. That was the what did I say about the? You sent a message about looking at a design. Did we have any importance visit. There anything you want? Did you send it on Monday? I said, hey, guys. Was just This was the the search result page. You want to. Yeah. I can bring it up. Yeah. How's Raquel going? Alright. So PDPs. These search results. Yeah. So, basically, what I was asked I think it's this monitor. Because it's yeah. Anyway yeah. Because I was asking is does our search results page need any features that I may not have accounted for or the live site doesn't have. Just What was that amazing site search that was it you or Jack? Comes up with when you search in a really nice experience. Definitely wasn't me. I'd remember I'd remember that. Oftentimes, But yeah. Okay. So we've done a search for rack. Yeah. So they've done a search. They've gone roof right. Obviously, these numbers would be a lot higher on the live site, but Yeah. The idea here is that this page replicates the PLP. As closely as possible, the user experience should be the same. They they should be able to select between level one categories at the top here. And get the same drop down for the level twos. So that they can go, oh, yeah. Toe toggle. Obviously, that's an issue there, but it like a I know some people quite a lot of search They go, okay. This search looks category intent or even vehicle lookup intent, don't present results as you do, or even if you don't have to worry about doing the roof axi top because the idea is they'll get into the journey. They'll send the vehicle. They'll get the roof racked. Vehicle. Master. Page. We we don't need to make the search page do too much of that because we want to present you know, that topic there, for example, rather go straight. Here's a lot of products. To the right to sit page suggestions or use our vehicle fit find if you want to find roof rack for your vehicle. Yeah. Rather than make search results try and do all that. You're actually well, actually, your destination doesn't sound like you want a lot of products here. You're actually looking for roof racks, which have got better experience. Find the fit finder. Do you get what mean? Yeah. So potentially, we could have, like, a list of pages that have their own keywords. And if those keywords match the search term It would die, right, them. Or or a a close match to the search term. You could at least have My roof rack got to fit my vehicle, that 80 or perch that you did, for example. So if they search exactly roof rack, Yeah. Yeah. Bite site. Yeah. So I thought that's how we get to that Once you've hit the Yeah. We don't have a link, David. It's a Well, it would be that Granger one. On there if they did that search. I think I think that would suggest. I think that would break yeah. I would suggest this page. I wouldn't I wouldn't break Yeah. Their intent because their intent is to do a search and see search results. So what what I think the the middle ground there would be is we had search results maybe on this on the left Sorry. We had search results here on the left hand column. And then in the right hand column, you might have a yeah, like Page results. Yeah. Yeah. And then we then have our product results Yep. And then right down the bottom, we could even have log results. Yeah. Yeah. We would pick out the keywords, and that would be what determines Yeah. The other thing did, like, like, you scroll right up to the top. I can't see a single fucking product after I've just done search for a product. Yeah. You should maybe sit boggling, like, the horizontal. So, initially, this whole thing here was wasn't even there. And that did have that brought it all like, sorry. When I say that, the search box, wasn't there, and it did bring everything up. Yeah. I guess they can the thing there would be if you go to a get the same thing currently on the PLPs. Yeah. Well, that that's someone who's navigating the entire Yeah. Category think it should be a thin strip. You know, kinda across the tops below the bread crumbs ready for the search page. Which is search results, then the input box will be typed. And then know, like, that should just sit one long line. From where search results is. You can then fit that heading search results that whole box and all them inputs. But do we do we even have this extra search bar? Because I mean, we've already got it up here. Right? Yeah. It's called search results. And then You could put in the string, hey. You've searched roof rack. You know, or defined. Yeah. Well, you guys search results for Yeah. What you've searched, and then that would bring all of this up to about here, which would bring it to about there in terms of I think so. I think we should do that. Alright. So we'll move we'll remove the actual search box. Or at least see what it looks like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We'll we'll remove the search box. What other taps probably for anything? I think the page is where we'll direct them. To. So unless that's super, super easy, to define, work out, wouldn't there's no time to do it. Was this the tabs? Yeah. So these are just category filters? Just wondering how it work how it works. Know. What to present. There a search It's is is there so know how you get these category filters on the left here? Yeah. Like, just attribute it automatically. That's all that is. Okay. So it's a cuff. Yeah. So it's this category filter. And I spoke to Mark These are category filters, but they're just based on level twos. Yeah. Yeah. Of the one that they've already selected. So it's If you search say, payer media platform bracket, because you end up with roof rack platforms as a top tab also brackets as a tab. Like, what what what sort of tabs could you end up with up there? Is it cross category tabs? Could potentially show up? Can you talk to them on the bracket. The shouldn't say So in in that scenario, right, like, where they type in Something across. Yeah. Like, let's say warnings. Right? Let's let's say they search for warning. Yeah. It would show this this first tab would be would already say awnings. Yeah. Yeah. And then these tabs here would say pull out one eighty, two seventy, Yeah. All of that. Where would I be bracket category? Would that That'd probably be is if yeah. No. It would be another one there. Wouldn't you say? Warning brackets. Okay. Could it match or was it, like, multiple? Trying to think if there's any search or bring in, like, all the order ones. All the roof rack ones, all of the like, could there be one the Yeah. There is. Chris. If you just search roof rack, Yeah. You would probably get results for every product near on. Right, across their entire range. Which is where Research is on brief right now. It's So in that scenario, only level ones would show up here anyway. Alright? And then depending on which one you click, your level twos change to what? So it acts like its own mega menu. We search for certain words within the phrase? If a word's ever got on, it got bite back. Or roof rack, you wanna get the tabs from you get all the roof rack tabs or you get all the old in tabs that you would see in the category That would be a discussion for Mark. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's a function thing. You know? Yeah. Sure. He could do it. I mean, let him do it. Think we'll see because there's purchase it. I don't know if he'd so online auto parts, the way that their search works, I'm not entirely loving it, but I god, it's held onto that, hasn't it? Let's say you've got no vehicle. You go in here and you go, I want comma, door v e rear brakes. Right? And I hit enter. It picks up the position is rear. Actually, if I hold in Sometimes it works really well. Basically, the in theory, what it was supposed to do is when you type in, like, Holden, it would it would set it like that where it says category disc break. Pad. It would say brand Yeah. Like, vehicle make. And then it would say model. Year. So it's picking up words. It would pick up intent words and already set those as filter attributes. So you could probably if if Mark can do something similar, maybe just better. Where it could say if somebody searches Hilux roof racks. It would set the the model as the Hilux. Yeah. And by default, we already know that's a Toyota. It would automatically populate with Toyota Hilux. And then roof racks, we know that's a category so it can set that category. And then realistically, if they hit search, that should go to either search results that are just from that category for that vehicle, and that make. Yeah. But that instead of looking for keywords, we're actually filtering by attributes. Yeah. We could probably do the analyzing over the last 10,000 searches, put throw it to AI, try and work out what is the main use. I bet, you know, Well, no. That's not bad because we don't know. What to see what they're typing. But Do we have a No. We Does anyone here have to log in to our search I'll go there. Yeah. I don't think we use Algolia anymore. We? It's a on the web. Yeah. Cool. Let's have a look. I'm looking for the search term. Has he got an AI part? It does. Just ask it. So, hey. Where will I find it? The last month's Oh, dear. This company, you've going so many times. You can see a guy. Oh, yeah. Fuck. Invalid email or password? We have two. It's It's No. Digital was wrong. Oh, really? Yeah. Or did you use web Unless we've got two. Three. Oh god. This is so expensive too. Which index should I call? From? Application paused? Yeah. This is what I thought. I thought it turned it off. Alright. So this is Probably still running. It's probably not syncing. No. I think this is the wrong yeah. I completed that. It's the wrong camera. It is definitely not. Digital? Digital. That that's not the password. What's the password? It's like a dick inside. I can say that shit. What? Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's update that password. This is not even set up yet. Or properly or finished. Yeah. It's it just yeah. You might have a different situation like a headless one. Yeah. Or get two You know? Just in the top bar, maybe look for search terms in that asking question. Yeah. That's what I did, but then it was like, which fucking thing do you wanna pull from? Query. Let me use the word query. Start. Oh, no. It's not stop. Well, hang on. Yeah. Search behavior. Analytics. Searches. Well, searches without results, that's a good one too. You need to No data. You need to change the index. At the top, there's index. At the top, by the way. Runner rack. Oh, yeah. Here we go. Actually curious. Because that's obviously a misspell. Does that still find MaxTrax No. No. Just go up to set a bigger day range because it's a little bit yeah. Do you like it? That reflection of this light Yeah. Well, that last three months, twelve months. Yeah. Perfect. U bolt. By a long shot. People search for U bolts. People Are these actual It's motorcycle. Set us opportunities. Steady, max drag. There's other index. As well. Just don't say this is the one that, you know, this is pushing search terms. Yeah. Is that just go up to the what we look at? This is searches. Searches without This is just searches. Yeah. Clicks. Geo. So what have we got? Why is this gone? Bigger now? Oh, there without This is without results. Some of it. Yeah. Rhino rack tie down. Should definitely add results, though. So go to the normal searches and see if there's an x four. Let's see if if it's an export. G false? Oh, we already know that that the brain does well over there. Yeah. Yeah. That is number one. 221 searches. And then Roofbox is number two, nine. Jeez. Florida GPT would just throw that that search Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Categorize the search. Cool. Well, that's good that we've got that info. Because even on here, I know it is too easy to of all the difference. Spellings and stuff. Yeah. You need to make it land on pages, but again, one of them tools that's really powerful, but no one's got any time configure it. What time should I say? Another steady bed bar. There's a light bar. I would 20 is about six or seven of the searches. Even a coffee, mate. We'll get through quickly this part of the search, and we'll we'll probably, like, find ten minutes. Well, while that's going, right, while that's going, back to the actual search design Yes. So just for my own note taking for a moment, I remove the search box from the actual search page and add, you know, search results heading would change to search results for and then, like, in quotation marks, their actual search term. That should bring all of the everything up on the fold a little bit. And then on the right hand side, aligned to the right of the search results heading, we will have call to action buttons for any of the relevant static pages. Or or just pages that are are relevant to that search term. So it could be fit the fit my vehicle. It could be yeah. Potentially even the highlight or the VLP pages, but and then we'll see how that goes. Now the other thing I wanted to look at yeah. Outside of that is this looks exactly like the POPs. Yeah. Merchandising images, featured products, only thing we're missing is obviously FAQs because we can't put FAQs on a search. Results page. Right? I I guess the the ranking Well, it'd be no index. You Oh, no. So ranking of products, which would have been Oh, right. Yeah. Roof racks, which roof racks would Relevance. Relevance. Yeah. Relevance. So if for example, they just search roof racks and put no vehicle information in, then reality is it would probably it should just show by our standard boost that numbers. But if they search specifically for Hilux, or, like, let's say they do n 80, but that n 80 search term in is on the n 90 somewhere. Like, it may that should still show, but it should show after because it's the relevance of it. It's not as high. Yeah. The only other thing of the year obviously, we've got a vehicle specific problem there that we can add to cart. Does it need to highlight this is a vehicle specific problem and not add to car? Because we need to go through that triage of, say, do you have the N80 high looks? No. I I think regardless, all of our rack sets are gonna be available flat or assembled anyway. Correct? Yeah. Yeah. So that would say view options, not add to cart. Oh, so not all platforms would be. I'm just I I guess that's it. No. Two little big bars there for the an anti high blood. How do we stop them all watering wing bars for the wrong vehicle? Because the result Well, I wouldn't I wouldn't stop them. The group product's not coming to search maybe. Because No. I would I would add group products, and I would have big rack sets and stuff showing. For sure. A group product, do we put a state where we don't allow a direct to basketball? For? If it's a group not a group. Sorry. If it's a sibling product, it would say view options Yeah. Not add to color. Yeah. It didn't have siblings, though, it was a group product, it probably should always be go through to the product page first because then you can get the messages of have you confirmed the vehicle, you know, you get that. You get an opportunity to stop the customer in the track. Yeah. I think this circles us back to the conversation we had last week, though. Which was really we need to have a warning or or just a confirmation pop up if they haven't got the right vehicles. Already selected when they add to cart. So let's say they don't have a vehicle saved in the session. And they click add to cart straight on this Thule smart rack yeah, crossbar. Because that's specific to a Toyota Hilux n 80. If they hit add to cart, it should still pop out with the add to cart, and should add it in but there should be some kind of notification just saying you haven't set a vehicle. Confirm this before ordering it. What about if they have got a vehicle set? Maybe we can be clever enough that any vehicle specific results that come in here. So if you were to simply search the Pioneer platform, you actually get results for your vehicle. Yes. Yeah. That would be really nice one there. If if Mark can do that as part of the his search thing, that would be amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Or even even if it wasn't, like, exclusively just those, but those took precedence. Yeah. Because if you search roof rye, have 50,000 results. No. But you'd only end up with, like, maybe which is where That would be a really nice feature. Cool. And then the next thing is the the header search as well. Yeah. So the header search has a couple of functions to it. If you could just click it and you haven't typed anything, you see recent searches, trending searches, and popular categories, all of which we can control. Oh, sorry. Recent searches, we can't because that's session based. Like that particular user. Yeah. Yeah. But trending searches and popular categories, we can completely control. Yep. And the idea here would be that they can quickly click. That obviously can clear their own Yeah. If they need to. And if they start searching for something like, roof racks, you start getting the your drop downs, Was and they can view results for what they've they've got or like, let's say, like, a bike rack. Now they get black rack results. Yep. I still wanna probably tweak how that looks. Yeah. Yeah. Like Yeah. That's a suggested search. The popular yeah. Suggest page. Are usually out of what why it seems like you get qualified product and then a couple of pages. Yes. As well. Yeah, Suggesting sort of Yeah. Three do what? I think it's two. What do they do? So they kinda give you suggestions of what you're writing. Yes. So that's that's the idea behind that. Oh, So, like, if you type in roof, It'll start predicting what predicts what you wanna say. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That just they're just popular products right now. So it doesn't actually show you Yeah. The actual product. Just Yeah. They don't. They don't. They have their popular right now, which doesn't seem to change based on what you search for. Yeah. There's one. I'll get Jack Humble to send us. He's there's an amazing one that that he shared with me that I think would work really well. Okay. But I think, essentially, what we're saying is we'll make it. Predict. Not be predictive, It will give suggestions Yeah. And things. I do like having I do like your idea of having the like, could have blog posts showing in there. You could have thinking, you know, the answer engine page or maybe the vehicle landing page. Page, it just wants to search Hilux. And put Hilux roof rack He owner's suggestion should be that roof rack. And Well, yeah, but the v the VLP yeah. As long as we can tag the attribute in the search. Mhmm. Now I think that's something for Mark to able to get. Just give them looking at it now, we're looking at the search and whatnot. How much effort or, like, how hard would be to, like throw all the instructions that we've got? Into the AI Instructions? Yeah. All the instructions and shit like that. It's not your bundles. Yeah. Into Yeah. And we end up just basically building what Bunnings have the AI shit and go, how do I fucking fit this? And it's like, bang here. It's read through the instructions. And Oh, I'm like, the first is up. Like, so you got the search bar on my Yeah. Then you've got ask buddy, and you can ask your fucking shit. Ah, okay. So that's more like help assistance. Yeah. Yeah. We definitely look going towards that. Yeah. But, yeah, it's a slightly different feature. And I think that that feature needs to go way deeper than just fitting stuff. It needs to be, like, But it need it should be able to handle, like, where the fuck is my order? Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Like, it should be able to go oh, yeah. No worries. I can see by your user session, you are I'll show it to you. Scott. And Yeah. I see your last order was this. And I can see the tracking number is this. And I can see the the tracking shows it here. And it says two extra two more days, it should say. Come back with a response saying, hey. We call you. I've got the bone vault. It's working. I'll That's good, though. We definitely need to work that into the search results. Is the the search box. Yeah. So I think that looks good. As for things missing, I don't think there's anything else missing apart from office in that vehicle. Feature would be nice if we'd only got a vehicle in the session. Yeah. And they do a search for roof rack, so you can From a group product perspective, the ordering retrieves group products, which are much to that same vehicle set. Yeah. So that would And then the suggested pages. Yeah. And suggested pages. Yeah. Cool. That's good. What was the other one that I was working on? That's it for now from from the design side. Yeah. Was there a plp one you went from the at? Natural just because, obviously, for the PDP, about I I guess he's working on that on the header, the the mega menu. Is that right? Mhmm. Then he'll do Well, so he's doing the PDP at the moment? Yeah. Next step is the header, footer, and mega menu in one. Yep. And then it's the PLP. Yes. PLP then if we go up with PLP. PLP. Yep. So let's go this one. Okay. So it's pretty much done. This image is about poor one because it's got a lot of white space, but Yeah. This is all broken down. So if they go, like, tents, they can see tent spares. Yeah. At campsite. Camp furniture. So Okay. Nice. That's where we're putting them parts. If if that has more then, do we just do a right and left horizontal scroll? Would it drop them at the Yeah. Look. I think there might have been one that broke down. No. It would it's it If you shrink that It would just become a second row. I think if you had made it a carousel You'd lose. You'd people would wouldn't even see it. Mobile designs. This is gonna be very busy at the top of you. In fact, the mobile into I have. Okay. So all most of these pages are same most. Should be designed mobile first. Yeah. Obviously, at the moment, the images the category image, you've got to ignore because it's just taking a random product from that category. But so you get this. You this is gonna have to be a carousel. Yeah. But let's say they go swags, they get yeah. Priority filters still. Yeah. Which at the moment would just be brands. They can see all that. That's probably poor one. This is the number one choice. There you go. So the idea is that it's still very simple to use. And they can read like, if they click on sleeping bags and then click it again, they can actually clear that as being That was one of the suggestions we had to That c o, if you go left on that top one there, so the top menu. It was kinda like let's imagine that didn't exist. Right? So everything's open. If you were then to say, say tense was the first one, you click on tense. If you're then to click on tense again to unset that, it means we can lose the show all which Tim was keen for. Okay. What I mean? Yeah. Yeah. No. We could do that. That's healthy. If nothing's toggled, it's all But if you click on one I will use a note. Card is it saved for the model? I'll listen again, but I'll see you Well, the idea Yeah. Yeah. So if if in this scenario, we go this one. Right? And they go it's it's visibly selected. Yeah. Which realistically in today's technology use, a lot of people understand that when you select something, you can select it again to deselect. Yeah. I think across in the top column. So it shows if you deselect it. Yeah. I think it maybe it's one of those things that you just gotta sort of test. Can you show off to launch, and then we can try that? Yeah. My my concern is the yeah. No. It could work. Just a lot of real estate for the show all button at the top was tip, especially on mobile. Because, basically, when you go to this, this is you're gonna remember all of these are individual URLs. Yeah. Right? So if I'm on sleeping bag URLs, clicking it again essentially takes some up one level. Yeah. Back to the other URL, which is just the Yeah. What was that? Canned furniture. In fact, the sleeping bags can't finish them. Okay. You go outside snowy, Okay. I would have thought the campsite would have been a better I don't know. Anyway, Yeah. Suppose it doesn't really fall under any of them, does it? Yeah. You know, a lot of the camp ops just all bedding, whether it's mattresses, stretchers. Yeah. Can you slap me on the URL just Yeah. Yep. No. That's fine. Okay. Yeah. Because at the minute, that show all just I I've got It takes up a lot of space. Otherwise, I would have seen. Yeah. Yours looks more like I can move the shop hall next to shop high. Should it be blue? I thought the weather that cause an issue. It shouldn't Could you what's the contents? I mean, that's because we land on this page. Right, which is essentially the show all. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. You just not have it there, but when you select one, it would then it pops up. Would that so if you go tense, then it does fall up? You land on show off and you click on tents Yeah. Then that show off pops up. Oh, I see what you mean. Just have in the So it's kind of like the back part. Yeah. Yeah. So you only see if you're in one. Oh, I I like that. In one. Yeah. I like that. That means enough to carry Magenta to So the show all button would be essentially now, this is the show all page. That show all just won't be there. Yeah. So the so if they land on this on a PLP page, to begin with, It will technically be the show all page without the show all tab. Yeah. Do we have anything selected there then? Because this is supposed to try and show what tab they're on. You wanna try and visualize how you're currently looking at. Kinda so, like, if I click on swags, I know I'm looking at swags. Could that shop buy hub? All? Next to it? So shop by the the the text above that. Yeah. Just like a little text. Or do you call I mean, I to do it, but if we tear that off and button select, just look weird? Outline helps, doesn't it? Yeah. And that's kinda what I was was thinking. Maybe maybe I'm I know if I wanna go with smaller. Essentially. Like that. Willing not to I mean, look. Let's launch if we show all and everything because that's where we are. We'd have to overthink it. Yeah. You can set up an AB test maybe in the new year. To what that might do. Yeah. Taking off. And then Oh, no. No. No. Obviously, yeah, vehicle PLPs are a little bit different but so in this scenario, they haven't got a vehicle selected. So we do kinda double up here. We've got set your vehicle and set your vehicle. Yeah. Twice. But I think the reality of the situation is we wanna really push that anyway. And if they have a vehicle set, the change vehicle becomes a small little thing up in the top right like we sort of discussed. The experience is very different between having a vehicle set and not. Yeah. Because there needs to be a big push to setting their vehicle if they're looking at vehicle Yeah. Product landing pages. Yeah. Although, are they even gonna see it? Without a vehicle set? Probably not. So the scenario that they get to this is probably very unlikely anyway. Given that we don't have any of these rack sets and stuff in our standard mega menu. Categories. It's just in the off case that maybe they copy the Yeah. Okay. The URL and share it to somebody else. Then clicks or or they jump between buys. Like, jump in and that hasn't got their vehicle set. Yeah. Scroll down then. So what have we got? This is the PRP. Right? Yeah. Yeah. This is the vehicle PLP. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just set the vehicle. But it's it's Yeah. And if it's got options, it says view options instead. Just one thing for this launch, but, yeah, then tabs where they've got best seller and staff pick. Yeah. Don't Tim's very keen on doing that correctly when we do do it, which is a lot like chats with Scott that still need to happen. Yep. Just it would just look like normal without that one. Okay. I'll just make a quick note for myself then. We'll remove all of the like, put a toggle on the demo state on all of the PLP and VPLP pages. Were actually across all pages. Wherever there's the best seller staff pick ribbons, there needs to be a toggle state to just turn those on and off and maybe set that as initial phase for development so that that way Mark can see it exactly how we want it for phase one, which doesn't include the compare, doesn't include the the ribbons, all of that. Extra stuff. We do already hide where is it? Compare products off by default. But if you turn that on, got, like, compare, compare, Yeah. You can see them side by side and sort of compare the products, but Yeah. Yeah. Again, only if it's difficult to try and keep it don't want a lot of time. Until the Yeah. Is two. Yeah. Cool. I just wanna say that the the pricing looks very weird. When there's a a banner thing. The price tag on it. I was never the biggest fan of doing remember, though, we moved it from the image down to side by side with the the product. I I agree. It does look a little off. I think the part of the RRP. The RRP is too small. Not close enough to the price. And the save might be even too big be honest. It just looks messy. Yeah. I I would say even the of the in stock needs to match properly between the star rating and the front price. Because it's not creating that framed area, I guess, It would look better if you move the stop message, like, 20 pixels or whatever. I wonder I wonder if we just we move the fine without. That. Tag. When it's in the middle, it works perfectly fine. But Although this lot of the this save this save thing, though, we're removing the ribbons, we could just do a corner ribbon up here or something. Like, you know, those triangle corner ribbon that could say safe 11% up there. That removes this. It'll fit better. This will drop down more in line, and then we just bring in the you know, the sale price of the from $18.90. 3, and the recommended retail price slightly close together, so they don't look so far apart. I if you look at the second one, I reckon if you drop the in stock message, down 20 pixels, it will be less clear. Of of what feels like a bit of of tidy formatted think it would balance not too bad. Yeah. Think it's, like, in stock on that first one personally. And if we are gonna do that, we should probably redesign that. The the placeholder. So attack. The the low price guarantee you want. We'll get rid of it and file it. I don't want that on there. I would have yeah. I wouldn't have that on on because otherwise, every single product is gonna have a tag and it's Yeah. Yeah. No. Only if it's to say, we'll have it like that. So I would say, Brent, just drop that. You'd stop dog. Time is very precious at the minute. I wouldn't start redesigning ribbons. Dropped that in stock message down 20 pixels or whatever the the balance is. Yeah. It's the same height between that price. And the star rating is what should be sitting off that save and the install. Yeah. Message. Would would that actually frame it? Okay. Yeah. But, no, I think that looks good. And then one other question I have for you guys. So, obviously, the hover state at the moment kinda makes it clear what you're hovering over. Well, do we wanna make it so it also shows a second image? Probably not to begin with. Okay. It's a new feature. There was a tool to issue a noise. Yes. There are other things as If you hover over the tool tip, in the featured ones Yeah. It goes behind the yeah. Within the frame. That's fine. Cool. No. I think other than that, we're in a good place. So just the mega menu, heavy? Done the mega menu in this? Mhmm. Is that how we want it to work? So I thought it was just gonna be the one, and then you click on it. No. I wanna have it so it opens up the whole thing and you see So by default, it should show the highest priority being roof racks. The thought yeah. Because if you clicked on that, you're gonna have massive white space. If there were no results. And I wanted white space. Hey. Can't we just dip it? Like what? Fundings do? So if that theirs is a left hand drawer, isn't it? Not a Yeah. It's a good part. I mean, I I mind it like this. Trying I'm just trying the more that they can see, the better. I think. Just just click off it again. Click on it. Let me just think as a as a as it use. To it. So click on products. Yeah. I can see that I've got so when I hover over bite box, change it. Right? Yeah. So that's fine. And it's always the top option selected. Okay. As if you've gone to, like, new level. Yeah. Correct. So so the the the order of which these show up Yeah. Should be based on priority. Yeah. I mean, I I don't mind that personally. One thing I hate about ones where they slide in after each other is sometimes it disappears in just caught Yeah. Yeah. Edge or the wrong Or if you, like, hover over, like, you go into here and you go here and then you accidentally pop below here and it's Sorry. Just sometimes you only drop off the bottom of, like, a level two, and it resets the collapses again. It's like, when it's a full block, you can't your mouse can't It doesn't matter. No. Like, mean, a lot of putting this up just so we can see. Like, hey. Just a lot of puttings just for but So theirs is a drawer. Right? Yeah. Yeah. But when you click on it, it's still doesn't really it kinda just slides out more. Yeah. That's what I thought we were going through. Towards. Yeah. But I think maybe what we've got might even be better. Because I thought we were trying to get rid of the whole fucking drop hole thing. Yeah. No. I think what we're trying to avoid is having a mess of not understanding what the hell this is. And it's The only differentiating item here is that that's bold. And but if I wanna get, like, the first one I used outside, I jumped on, and I'm like, okay. If I wanna look at I I I just want roof rack accessories. I wanna look at all of them. Like, how do I how do I see all there's no view wall. There's no Yeah. So I think having it broken out, like, okay. I wanna go roof rack accessories. Yep. There they are. Yep. Cool. I can just view all It's fine. Or I can I think it's fine? Or if I click on just shop roof rack except if I click on that now, that should go to all. Yeah. Instead hover instead of a click? So hover hover should go show the next one, but then if I click on that, I should be going to that. Okay. I think this is fine. I'm not I'm really not, worried about doing slides. Slide, slide. Yeah. And this maintains all of the current mega menus structure. We're going to swap change it up later down the track. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah. But this maintains it exactly as it is currently. Yeah. There's more chance of, like, showing things as well. Like, it could show the banner. Like, any sort of promo. Correct. So the the this merchandising image there you go. So there's so there's two different ones. So that's set at for example, this one is set at the roof racks. Yeah. And then this one is set at the that one. Yeah. Right? So you we can the idea here and in the dev brief, it does say wanna be able to set this image. I wanna be able to set the heading the product, I wanna be able to add a call to action or not. Yeah. But this whole thing is its own clickable product, and I wanna set this color. Yeah. So if I wanna set might be a new Rhino like, let's say we get a new brand Yeah. And it's RhinoWax. Could set that to, like, new brands about new brand available with their big logo blue background, you know, whatever we want it to be. But, yeah, Okay. Maybe it's good. Do we demonstrate the siblings of sliding way of view options? Have we got us marked for you on that would look like. Mark is very yeah. He's Cool. I've I've I've asked him three or four times since I handed it out. I'm like, are you sure you're across it? You don't need anything more from me? He seems confident. Yeah. We'll see. Yeah. I think there will be once he's done it, I'm gonna have to go through it with a fine tooth comb and just make sure that there's nothing that was sort of missed. Yeah. Or been Oh, dirty American color. The middle. Hey. No. You color. Oh, where where was that? That one at. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Make a note to myself. Do a AU spelling pass on everything. Okay. No. That's good. That probably covers then enough of the design. Side of things. I mean, there's obviously that UK list Where's my global platform? So on the head up menu there, Yep. Store finder, fit my vehicle, obviously, go to their pages. Yep. What's catalog and service? So catalog is your What did we say that was for again? So catalog, I think that was dynamic. So it would show if there's clearance stock and stuff. So it's basically the maybe that says clearance instead of catalog. Yeah. It is yeah. And services would go to Do we need, like, a top of new page, which shows all the services? Think we've got one. Yeah. There was a reason we added it, and we actually spoke about it. And I cannot remember I think it came. For the life of me. The other side is, like, I think BCF have it. And JB Hi Fi. Yeah. Well, I've got a it's a menu drop down. So Yeah. Same with clearance. I'm guessing Well, in the new mega menu, layout, I actually wanna have let me get onto something. I wanna have clearances its own level one. I just didn't wanna mess with the actual structure. On sale on as well, could be clearer in spite of that. Correct. That is the fallback. Yeah. Speaking of the latest idea that we had with the whole people aim per month, and whatnot. Where would you put that? Well, actually, I've got it set as the store finder as the do full Sorry. The giveaway thing every month you know, the join Yeah. Yeah. So this is where everybody hates but it's probably gonna be a pop up. Yeah. So you'll have a newsletter sign up. On first landing Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. It would yeah. And then the second to that, we've got because Jamie's got it in that menu. For Jay. Join JV Perks. Yeah. We could definitely have something like that. But how's it on the whole page? Finished. Yeah. I Beck actually had to play around with a new design because I said, look. Here's the Versal link. I said, can you have a look? Because this is what this is the direction we're going with all our pages. And the newsletter sign up that she did do was not gonna work. It's completely off. Don't know where she's put it, though. Yeah. I find Actually, I think she sent me a link in I think anything that's old in these design files means do we? Page. Sort of Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's gotten a bit messy. Where is she? This one. So that's some examples from other brands. BCF, Yeah. Yeah. Super cheap. Yeah. What the hell are Yeah. Hell are No. They're JB Hi Fi's. Yeah. Join JB Perks. I hate that. That is so ugly. Rhino racks even just base more basic one. So just come up with a couple of options, but so, obviously, footer, have, like, your more basic one down the bottom. You could do like, a a tap on This is Yeah. And then your pop ups is kinda where I was Yeah. I was I think you're gonna get more through that anyway. How often does it pop up? Just one? Just one. So on first first part of the session. The that's it. Yeah. No. No. I I would lose my mind if it was every time you went on a new page. Oh my god. That was my I saw. Yeah. Even if you aren't I think if you if you close it out and you don't sign up, it could just sit down in the bottom right corner as a tiny little tap. I saw that. Yeah. It still pops up. Like If you have it alongside the the chat icon? Yeah. The chat icon. Another one. And, genuinely, we can do that pretty much through Klaviyo and just drop the code in the header. Yeah. And Klaviyo sorts it out. Yeah. Because Google because we'll we can design this in Klaviyo, and it just literally, as long as the code is on the header, Yeah. We could Yep. Would be sort of stage one is just having, like, our club or our members yeah, member club or whatever. Yeah. Once we get that up and running, then we can start looking at, okay. Now how do we advertise it more? Like, how do we convert more? I think that's where we start looking at, okay. Let's get Ken to talk and build up that relationship with our suppliers. Start doing giveaways, Yeah. With the entire obviously, it's been put their email address in. As as they add the vehicle, except the master vehicle, so it needs to be remembering that in the background. So do we? Do we show this pop up after they selected Like, let them navigate the site for a minute or two, get a vehicle, and then after the vehicle's in, do, like, five seconds. So then hidden in the form can be the vehicle ID. Or will it still remember? Will it will it remember after signing up? All of their selection? Because we want that vehicle within that. What I would do is I would have a pop up on first first landing, maybe two or three seconds after they've landed on page. And pop in their email, They click sign me up. It has a straightaway, it has an optional not required. So when they're already signed signed up now, they now have optional link your vehicle so they can select their vehicle straight away inside of there. That then tags their account. That then tags their session that, like, sets everything, all the expectations and sends them straight to the VLP. Page. Yeah. Potentially. Yeah. They could just click out of it and not worry about it. Yeah. So that that way we're not Yeah. I think some people will just dismiss it if they don't want it. They're not gonna from the side. Some of starts being annoying, like Scott says, do that. So I would pull my hair out. No. That's super cool. Okay. Make it dismissed by clicking out of it as well, honestly. Yes. Yep. Alright. Let's should we adjourn for short while? Yes. Let's do that. What time do you have to leave? I'll do more. Time 