Meeting Title: Roof Box Meet
Date: Oct 6
Meeting participants: RRG Brenton Cooley

Transcript:
Me: Okay. So the purpose of this meeting is to cover By couriers? By carriers? Yep. The buyer journey. Yeah. The buyer's journey. On roofbox.co.uk. Of what basically, we need to work out what they're doing right, what they're Process is. Process is from a user bill like, a user's perspective. Yeah. How that comes together and how we can then implement into the global site You know, from there. Cool. Yep. So if we start with the move boxes, if you just click into roof boxes, top, you'll see there that it starts, like, look at that top menu bar, it's like roof bars, which is the best and then bike carriers and roof boxes. Yep. So jump into roof boxes. So kinda like what the customer is faced with is is if you scroll down a little bit here is, one, obviously, it shows nice pictures of the roof boxes, and then there's a package deal slider, which is the first one. Of those sliders. If you click on that dot above, you'll see This one? Yeah. Yeah. Huge savings when you buy a roof box and the roof bars at the same time Now if you go down because you obviously clicked on roof boxes. You are just shopping roof boxes. We just scroll down, it tells you, you know, start by choosing the share. The box, Oh, yeah. Sure. Five wraps the side, so it's alright. Yeah. I might need a narrow one. Making them think about, oh, if I'm carrying bikes as well. I probably want to know, go narrow. You have three bikes, blah blah blah. So you click on, let's say, a long wide Oh. Only. And then if you scroll down, it's now filtered the results. To that side. Yeah. Now that is its own just noting that that's own URL. Yep. Which is kind of exactly how we wanted to plan it anyway because all of our level level one would be roof boxes, which they've done there too. So their roofbox.co.uk/roofboxes That's their level one. Level two, is their roof boxes long, thin, and that's because we clicked on narrow. Oh, Jesus. And that land lands yeah. So it's essentially their level two. Yeah. Same filter from the level one. I lapse for the what to leave it open. We've now effectively filtered down. So something I would I immediately go, what if they click the wrong one? They essentially have to go back a page Yeah. To change it, and I don't think that's the ideal way of doing it. I think this works well So if they got no roof boxes, I like that they've got this I'm just trying to like, it's all it's like the priority It's basically the tabs that we've got now. They've just got it's just clearer because they're bigger, I think. Yeah. Because it's yeah. Yeah. I don't know why this has two. But Yeah. I guess it's long, short. And wide, but a lot of wide. Yeah. Anyway, it might might not be relevant, but yeah. It's all visual. Gives you a good idea. Yeah. If you go down and price and features. Box basic. So it's giving a bit of, like, almost a buyer's guide. Yeah. Well, they've got a link here to a buying guide as well. Which is very in-depth. Yeah. Yeah. They do have a It's more like more like a blog post, if you will. Yeah. Which is fine. It's a long way to answer the PLPs. I don't think anyone's getting that deep, though. I'd love to look at, analytics to see actually how many people are landing in there. Yeah. Mean, if you scroll down let's go down whether it's are. Package deal. Trying to sell the package. We'll come up that in a second because I'll show you the other way into that. Summary. Should actually show the product down here. Maybe just go back. With that. Alright. So then level one is a landing page. It's not it's not a PLP. Oh, is this oh, we're buttoned up level one. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I'm on level one. So if I go a bit long wide, so this is their level two. Product, which is then obviously, they've got the heading. They've got their description. They've got some staff picks. And then their filters and then results. Yeah. So what they have on these results in Paul Plyce, can you see you can go view that box At the bottom of every listing, package. Deals available. Yeah. These will just be for just buying the box. If you click this one, it's now, again, not the most elegant. Oh. Basically, it's saying, your greatest savings when you buy a roof roof bars under roof box. Together, So yeah, need roof bars. So then it's gonna take you down. Oh, so that just takes you to another category, which is pack yeah. Roof box roof boxes packaged deal. Right. So it's not that filtered based on what I'm already looking at? Don't think so. No. It's not. Yeah. So you've gotta go again and select long wide. Yep. And now instead of going instead of up to basket of new products, it's gonna ask you about bars next to just like that one. So select box. It's now gonna say, great. You've got your box. Now go. Let's find the bars. Right. Yeah. There we go. So it's saying, hey. Now it's like your make and model. Okay. Yeah. So it's a bema. What's a common one? Three series Turing. Yeah. Turing. 95, 99. No. It might work. Be fair, that's probably a pretty common Yeah. Yeah. So it's now saying you selected that box. Now here are all your bar options. Right. So you're fed from that bar. Selected, but it's still hot there. Process. K. Aluminum. Alright. To filter. Yeah. Which means products. Okay. So let's go. Select bars. And and you see how we accompanied the box in image. Yeah. So now we're saying, hey. Said $72. But what? Image missing there. Interesting. Now it's just gonna throw all that in the basket. And and that adds some individually. Yeah. Okay. So Yeah. Rather than as a in like a package SKU. Yeah. And if you'd want the other way, I'll do that. Box and then went to Farmington Plaza, you would save for seven two. Which is stupid because I think you should Yeah. Yeah. But, anyway, the the idea here is that what what they've managed to do is make you go down the path of actually, oh, yeah. I need bars as well. Down the path deal. Route. Yeah. And the other beauty of the package deal route is it's taken up possible confusion a customer might have where they have to buy the same brand bars and box because it's basically said, hey. Choose a box, and then these are all the bars that you can have. And the bars go. Do we have that information on Capacibility. Compatibility. We're not in that, but I it's not Does Roofbox use that? Do much. It's just it's discreetly saying everything's compatible, but I just saying, hey. Said you're. Yeah. Right. Yeah. But it's reinforcing to the customer that they could select any one of these bars rather than yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. But, typically, it's that process really works. I don't think it's very neat, but I can see why people end up going down that path. Wanna save someone They're always in The UK. Have we have we looked at or researched how many packages we sell versus individual? I think it's fifty fifty, but we do have the other way to book. Yeah. Some people already have the bars, you see. Yeah. The bike back on. Additional. And then just let's if we go down the back to the homepage and go down the bike Oh, the homepage. Yep. Yep. It's probably very similar. Say, home page, and then I'll click bike carriers. Oh, yeah. So it's it's keeping my saved vehicle, which is ideal. Know where that fits in that first tab. I think it's moved to second. See if that's a package DxO slider. So Oh, the slider. Yeah. So first No. It's just pretty images. See if any of that No. That's interesting. Okay. Might tell you that's gone missing. But what you should have so what they're starting with here, roof mounting tub or or rear mounted. The rear mounting is vehicle specific. I'd probably go Oh, okay. And then yeah. So it says yeah. Not possible to fit a rear door fitting So it's only a wire of the to this vehicle. Yeah. Roof Martin would be interesting. Because I need to roof rocks. If we go down, probably why it's not saying packing. Alright. So the rest of that is pretty much So the first one's the only relevant one to the package deal. So that's probably why Yeah. The point of it, yeah, package deals now. Okay. To lock. Yeah. So what were they saying here? Options frame hold. It what's that information I can do? So interest. Oh god, friend. Yeah. Okay. So they got a tool tip on each one of the Yeah. So they've got a tool, aren't they, by help to mount? A horse, is there? His fourfold frame hold entire hold. Yeah. How does just out of there's 99 bikes they sell they sell them too, don't they? I'm just wondering how they word it. I'm gonna get a HEPA Might be under accessory. Yeah. That Yep. All Alright. So they call it bikes Let's get ref refrax. Load the shop's interesting. Racks. Learn oh, yeah. Learn just anchors down to the bottom of the page. Okay. Might come back to that because Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's alright. So back on Roof Box's website. I think from here now, you can haven't selected package deals. Point, have we not? No. No. This is we've all we've done is go on bike carriers, and then we've clicked on roof mounting options. Yes. Yes. If you scroll down, the reason this has got a wall a has got a select is because of different colors. This is our siblings. So that would be ignore that one for now. But then that is multi buy discounts. That's when you're buying one or more of that product. Nothing to do with adding a roof rack. Yeah. But then we do have the package deal available as well. So if you click on that, it's a package deal. Great. Savings when you buy roof bars and roof mounted by carrier packages. You need roof bars. So it's exactly the same. So yes. Interested to know if it serves the vehicle. So now I'll select your bike rack, I guess. Want to okay. So one or two bike. Let's say I've got two. I feel like that should So that just still filters. So step one filters step two. Right? Yeah. It should. Yeah. I think you should remember that we that problem you clicked on. Because it's not in your Yeah. Right? Yeah. Anyway, so what Or at least have that as your first option. Yeah. Yeah. Even with a roof, yeah, roof box. Well, preselected is like yeah. Are you sure you want that one, or you got a couple other options there? Okay. So I'll package this now too. Yeah. So So select find car, choose bars. That should just go straight to choose bars. Welcome to hospital. Let's see. Yeah. We have roof bars for BMW series touring. Yep. Change. Change vehicle. Yeah. Let's let's say I've got the wrong wrong vehicle. No. Can't change. You might have to kinda Yeah. Yeah. Show you. Yeah. I think yeah. Let's leave that Yeah. We can't change There was change vehicle in I don't know if it'll bring you back to where you are. Let's try it. Let's just let me do the five series. Nope. It's gonna take us somewhere else. It might Well, that's this guy Audi. Has got a package in there, header, if you remember it something. A four. That's a common one. It's one. Yeah. It might do. It might take us back. Yeah. It's in the header. So it's got the back. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yep. So we got the bike. Yeah. Cool. It holds onto it, so that's fine. What they want let's get steel. Yeah. And that's showing bars. Yeah. By yep. Select the bars. You save $10. This is the second time. This image doesn't work didn't work on the last one either. Anyway I've packaged the basket. Saved a whole 10 pounds. And what is it? £5? Is it quick? If we did is it quid to do? Tenable. For sense? If it's like $10.05, is that £10.05 quid? Okay. Pence. Yeah. Pence. I knew that. It was quid then. Yeah. What's quid? Quids of palms. Okay. Yeah. My grandfather still says quid all the time. Like, his Twenty Yeah. Okay. Sounds cool. So it's done. So we could see the process there. It is a few weeks. It's are obvious though, which is it should remember what this chosen. Believe. Yeah. And there's images missing and things. But then it gets confusing because it's gone and put, obviously, feet It's putting individual parts in. Yeah. Because if you get the concept bars, it would have components that are required. Within it. It almost It needs a group. No. It doesn't Yeah. It it does. And that's exactly where I was gonna go. I was gonna say, it should have the picture like that the that it did on the listing. Yeah. And then under that, it should have package includes x dot dot dot dot. Yeah. Yeah. And then I don't even think you'd need the images for well, you could, but that'd just be smaller, I suppose. Even if the basket needs individual products, you put a UI that grouped in. Yeah. Because there's also no option to remove just that item. Yeah. Which makes sense if it's part of a package. Yeah. But how do you remove the package? You can't Okay. So the important part now is we are not going to be the plan is not to do it the way they've done it. The idea is that we will offer the concept is our package deal concept which is buy any roof rack and you will save off any accessory. Mhmm. So what you'll be doing there is when they've selected the bars, now they'll be the car, it would at that point or even on the bars page trigger, hey. If you're looking for accessories in this roof box, you will save on the accessories that come out of it in the face. And as long as that's in the basket, that roof rack, if you went to a bike carrier or a roof box, it would say, you you are saving today in this order if you buy now. And and some way of doing that. Yeah. Like, some yeah. Having something like Yeah. And also on the on the accessory collar, it would say, the normal price if you went down that route first, like, the roof box, it'll let you do that. And it would say, looking at kinda control what they're saying. Hey. If you're buying roof ups at the same time or if you buy roof ups at the same time, this problem you would get four x because of b. Don't Yeah. Know what that would be. But when they add it to the basket, just as it is, it would be the normal. Price that we have. Until they go and put a Put roof rack. Put a roof And then the basket. Doing heavy lifting. Yeah. These are all individual the way they've done it so hard to to work with And it's so random to say that there's no method creates, like, a packaged product for every one of them. Packaged combinations. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. Whereas simplify. Yeah. I think it's simplified version of just a straight you know, 10% off accessories. Yeah. So we need to identify and flag it bracket or at least Magellan's door. These are qualifying accessories and and every product should have a marker or a field to identify this is a package deal, contract product. And every roof rack And and you're basically just watching these products from a basket. Perspective going or or when you load the PDP, you're presenting something extra on that page. Because you know that the customer could save if they have a roof rack or if they have the accessory. To get, you know, sort of thing. So that's the challenge here is how do we we we need on the PDP at least don't think we need on the PLP like they do. Because you've already got them. They gotta go and click around. I put that package deals put on the PLP. Like they have. I'll let them get into the product or or show them the basket. Somewhere it needs to alert them that they can save. Even further on that price. If they buy a roof roof rack at the same time. So, again, we don't have to answer how we do that now, but I think now you've seen what they do and and how we plan to approach it. It's where these graphics and this reinforcement that, hey. You can save pop up At least it'd be on the PDP. Of each of the rack number. Bar and the accessories. But maybe there's something on the PLP. That that would also say, hey. Package deals are available. First, just go on that idea, roof rack for you. Accessory. We don't mind which way you do it. Because the basket will do the workout that you've got both in there. And give the necessary discount. Yep. Happy with that. Yep. That makes sense. And I think it's just a flat percentage either. You you pick that all cruise. Bike racks, or all crews gets 20% off, and all tuba gets ten. It's already predetermined. Yeah. What the discount. So so in that scenario, then we're not advertising get 10% off accessories. I'm just gonna say serve. You just go save and then have a dynamic discount amount. Yeah. That is based on it can't what's the bars for it the basket? No. Actually, you don't need that. You you know all accessories. You know what they're discount will be done. Yeah. Because the product the accessory itself is the one that knows. I have a 10% off if I have roof bars. So you can always be confident Let's say the bike carries $200. You can save $1.80 or whatever the month. 20% off it is. Get this for a $180 when you have a roof rack in your last two. So I'd be very careful with putting final prices on the plp. With discount. Because you you have to advertise the already the price already the recommended retail price, and now you wanna introduce a third price Yeah. More said. I would just I would have more yeah. If I bought it as a package. And and then you could even have this this I'd say save 10%, like, if it's a Thule product. You can have it say, 10%. On this product when purchased with Reflex. And then again, that's reinforced on the cart Yeah. As well. But at least just putting it in as yeah, not as a actual final price. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. And then on the cart page, for example, if I go Cart. Of course, it's empty. So in here, there's a couple of points here. I'd probably put some kind of big larger call to action at the top somewhere. Yeah. That If it's here, You know, it says you have qualifying products. Say, with a package or something like that. Could it be on the product line itself then? Like, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We can mark it on the product itself. Then also in the summary, where it says, like, subtotal, you know, $230. You're saving $11.50. You could have a third one just under that saying, like, potential savings Yeah. Save further. Yeah. Further with package. I don't I don't know how you'd word it, but you you reinforce there as well. Could could the could the tag on a product page be as simple as Like, some sort of graphic on word that said save. In our package deals. That click you click that to launch a model. And it explains what the package deal is. And this product is x, but bought as part of the package deal. Deal. You could do that on the cart. Bottom portal. Or when you add it when you add to cart? No. Just on the product page, it's If you create the graphic, it says save on this product or or this saving our package deal, Yeah. When you click that graphic or that text, will then reveal what the package deal is all about. And because we already know what prices would be in that deal, you can present the price Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We could do that. Then you're not putting it on the And I'd almost have it a side drawer that comes out when you click on that. That says something like Yeah. Make it a sign. To cart. Select your rack. Yeah. So it just adds that product to the cart, Yeah. And then immediately goes into basically a roof rack finder. Which should be similar to what roof boxes done in The UK. Yeah. The only part is does it cover is that you're not even aware of it, like I was saying, the compatibility aspect. Because you almost want when they're now say they have that roof box or a roof box to do. Car, and then they're away. They can save in the package deal. They would go down that process of looking for roof backs. Nothing there says which one's compatible with the roof box. Yeah. You almost need it while you're shopping the roof, let's say. The your roof box, your hook your your your two load portion is compatible with this roof rack. Yeah. It's almost that layer that Tim, I think, can now be able look looking for. Is we do the compatibility, By default, everything's compatible with everything else until we put an exclusion in. Because I've got Yeah. Where is it? It's almost like our website needs to be aware all the time of these connections. If there's a roof rack in the basket, any product you visit needs be aware and say that this is compatible with that roof rack. Yeah. I swear I had a I know I did. I'm just trying to remember which one I did it on. Ah, yeah. Cart. Yeah. Here. So I'm looking at this, right, which is the water tank on the current draft. And the cart already has a compatible item Yeah. I swear Oh, no. I think it worked. The opposite way. And it was a incompatible item. Yeah. So you get a you get a heads up. You also have a Yeah. Rack. Pioneer platform in your car, which may not be the I think I'll show a message in both scenarios. Okay. But it is compatible. I I think if there's ever a rack, in the basket, these qualifying accessory pages need to be rack aware of what's in the basket. Yeah. Did you get what I mean? Yeah. Because then you can give it yes. This is compatible with your roof rack. You would only do it on these accessories because you would never put it on the tow ball. Oh, you buy it back to not for a rack. It would only be on anything that mounts to a roof rack. You would say whether that product, that accessory product is compatible with that roof rack. Complexity is when you've got it the other way around. Way about to not on the rack in your basket, but you've got the accessory you then need to do the same on the roof racks and say, this roof rack is not compatible with the roof box in your basket. Yeah. Do you get what mean? Yep. So, really, it's that relationship awareness that any one of them items are in the car, a qualifying accessory or a roof rack, these the opposite kind of product has to have these kind of like parts to them. I think And and we wanna show it if it's not compatible, but also if it is compatible. I think so. Yeah. But we can maybe hide in incompatible. Roof racks if you've got accessory, you know, the opposite way around. It's whether whether they might go well, I'm not putting it on the roof. I can put it on roof, which you don't I've already got that there. So don't worry about the capacity builds there because as a customer, they still need to buy because So I wouldn't be hiding product No. Based on compatibility only because unless it becomes a filter. In the results. You just need to send them. You know? Based on what we can see here, it's not compatible, but you might have Yeah. Still let them add to cart. Still let them see it, all of that. I think it just needs to have a probably even more simplified version of that warning. This I don't yeah. This is compatible with The Rhino. Platform there. Yeah. With the product name. Yeah. That is in your cart. 100%. And then if it's not, it says heads up. This is not compatible with the Rhino Rack. Or or the product name. Yeah. Either choose different. Right. Yeah. And they can always we could always add a tool tip to that to expand that information. Yeah. I think in the And I think in there Yeah. On the basket as well. Definitely. Two items are enough. Yeah. And then I would have a tool tip on that that just simply states what a more detailed version of you know, could be a generic thing. Which is just more around you know, there are particular roof racks or roof platforms that are not compatible with some products based on you know, the channel mounting or the way that mounting it. Works. You know, if you've got questions, reach out. We can always walk you very boss. Items. Compatible with each other, but we are identified. Yeah. That this is incompatible. Because I think having too much info like that, that probably too much. Simple line and then Yeah. And a tool tip. Yeah. Cool. I can work with that. And then, yeah, same thing. Once it's in the cart, Yeah. It probably needs to be in both the drawer Okay. Because because you can skip and go straight to checkout. That's true. Yeah. Even the oldest would be there, though, like Or even, yeah, in that first page of the checkout, you might have just a a compatibility warning under the order summary. If there's an incompatibility, Yeah. Anyway, we could Yeah. Consider all these currently. I think that's good. Okay. Pointing to go out there. And and remember from the bike rack perspective, it's only for these mountain bike racks. That would have the yeah. Now this is obviously just looking at The UK because that's that's why they're mainly doing it. Boxes of bike racks, but this is the same for all things rooftop tents. Any roof mounted products, we call them RMPs. We did this original brief. Right. Okay. You save on roof mounted products. And what we actually mean is roof mounted products. It might be a little bit confusing. Yeah. So anything which attaches to a rack that's a a big accessory product. Would qualify. Because what we're trying to is get the average all of the basket and say, hey. You could save on these accessories if you buy a rack at the same time. So I might have no back of rack. They were partying on just sticking on that. They all do a lot. I'm gonna save it. I'll I'll I'll redo all I'll buy everything. Yeah. So we want to encourage people not just to come buy back offers because that's what feel a lot of people are doing. And then they'll come by their accessory from kings or they'll jump in and say, hey. Can save some money here. Let's fill this basket Yep. And that's the way to do it. Cool. Awesome. I can run with that. How does that work for you, Jake, in terms of New Zealand? That whole plan would And it was supposed to test this in Australia And New Zealand Before before The UK. So this is something we want to roll out. So he wants us to be the guinea pigs? Think the issue with New Zealand creative and I'll do anything to not buy any shit. Yeah. And, I mean, Hal is the perfect example that he'll do anything to I think it'll work. Like Yeah. Just yeah. Just say, the main thing, the customer feels like they're getting served. We got the order. We do become better than you. That's How do you how would that flow over the be Yeah. Because we don't change the place anywhere, do we? It's just part it's just a package deal. Yeah. But if we change say, by graph, is a retail And the rack is at retail. Right? And they go to Abacar, They get say, 10% off. What happens if we're during the sell period? We have 10% off the black crack? Plus and off the Yeah. The rats, do they then get Okay. It's not well, it wouldn't be a 25% off. It would be a 10% off the sale price. It's actually off the accessory, aren't Just so you know what? So the accessory okay. So then just the accessory price Let's say you've let's say you got 10% off bike racks. As a sale that's already on. It was a $100. It's now $90. I know that prices have off, but let's say it was a $100 item for at our normal retail, We've dropped it to $90. They still get another $9 off if they buy it with a rack. Yeah. It should always just apply that extra 10% To the to the current price. That's correct. Right. Yeah. I wish it always up margin. The idea is that we would have lost the sale of that product anyway. As long as the accessory is better than breakeven, we the numbers should work. Yeah. Yeah. It should work. Cool. Awesome. So, yeah, we we should do that. I I would I could feel, Brenton, is do it on roof boxes because bike racks. Are maybe a little bit more complex. So do the demo to begin with on that. Do you get your head around it on roof boxes? And racks. Yep. And then we can look at you know, we're meant to do buybacks, all these roof or tents. It's a big roof mounted. Yeah. Accessories. No. That that'll work. I'll have to build out some new PLP pages in the demo. Yeah. Which is fine. Yeah. Just so that we've got that because that's gonna be request We may need to up grade versus CILs. Subscription, though. Because at the moment, it's just on a free tier. And it's we're getting awfully close to the to the limit of size. Two guys are top two guys. Yeah. I don't I don't think it's much at all. So I'll I'll leave that with you then. Then obviously try and split out what's needed from UK, which is the we can add it to that stage one, but it's only a few graph twelve months. Tap actually Mark's work to create a basket and what it is. Yeah. Positioning. So 